# Privacy Policy
##### Last updated: December 10, 2021

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your data for research purposes. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator.

#### Interpretation and Definitions

###### Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

###### Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

###### Affiliate
Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.

###### Application
Application means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Romasec

###### Company
Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Romasec.

###### Country
Country refers to: Nigeria

###### Device
Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

###### Data
Data refers to device gps coordinates (device location).

###### Service
Service refers to the Application.

###### Service Provider
Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

###### Usage Data
Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

###### You
You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

#### Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
##### Types of Data Collected
###### Device GPS Coordinates
Specific interactions with the service lead to the collection of your device gps coordinates. The coordinates are stored on the server and are used for research purposes. The coordinates collected can not be used to uniquely identify you.

##### Use of Data
Romasec uses your data only for research purposes (Data analysis). 

##### We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

###### With Service Providers
We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You.

###### For Business Transfers
We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.

###### With Affiliates
We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
###### With business partners 
We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.

#### Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

#### Transfer of Data
Data collected by our service is processed places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this data may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.



#### Disclosure of Data
###### Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.



###### Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).



###### Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability
- Security of Your Data

##### The security of Your Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
.


### Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

### Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

### Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

By email: romasectech@gmail.com
